feat(changelog): generative-apis-added-new-models-available-gemma-3-and- 2025-04-10 (#4823)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2025/2025-04-10-generative-apis-added-new-models-available-gemma-3-and-.mdx

---
title: New models available Gemma 3 and Mistral Small 3.1
status: added
date: 2025-04-10
category: ai-data
product: generative-apis
---

> [Gemma 3 27B](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#multimodal-models-chat-and-vision) and [Mistral Small 3.1 24B 2503](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#multimodal-models-chat-and-vision) are now available in [Preview](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/generative-apis/reference-content/model-lifecycle/) in Generative APIs.
> 
> Both models are multimodal and supports text generation and image analysis use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Gemma 3 27B](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#multimodal-models-chat-and-vision) and [Mistral Small 3.1 24B 2503](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#multimodal-models-chat-and-vision) are now available in [Preview](/generative-apis/reference-content/model-lifecycle/) in Generative APIs.

Both models are multimodal and support text generation and image analysis use cases.
```
